["Where The Devil Don't Stay"
by Drive-By Truckers plays]
[fire crackles]
[puffs smoke]
♪ My daddy played poker
In the woods they say ♪
-[cranking, buzzing]
-♪ Back in his younger days ♪
♪ Prohibition was the talk,
But the rich folks walked ♪
-♪ To the woods where my daddy stayed ♪
-[chains rattle]
-[squealing]
-♪ Jugs and jars from shiners ♪
-♪ These old boys here ♪
-[menacing laughter]
♪ They ain't miners ♪
-♪ They came from the twenty-niners ♪
-[whacking]
♪ It didn't take a hole in the ground
To put the bottom in their face ♪
[engine revs]
[tires screech]
[engine rumbles]
[indistinct rustling]
[male host] Ladies and gentlemen, Ms. Pat!
[roaring cheers]
[applause]
[whistling and whooing]
Hello, what the fuck up, Vegas?
[audience cheers]
Okay, cousin, you can sit down now.
[woman cackles]
[exhales] What the fuck up?
It's hot as fuck in Vegas!
[audience] Yeah!
It's so hot, white people,
you got to be careful when you tanning.
You fuck around and fall asleep,
and wake up a nigga.
[audience laughs]
[Ms. Pat chuckles]
I'm just concerned
about you white people.
[laughter]
So, I'm a grandmother. I'm a grandmother.
I know you're looking at me like,
"Are you a fucking grandmother?"
Yes!
Black don't crack, but it do deteriorate.
[audience laughs]
A bitch knees hurt.
And I got on two pantyliners.
One in the front and one in the back.
[continued laughter]
My son mad at me.
He mad because I'm not excited
to be a grandmother.
I'm like, "Fuck your kids."
[laughing]
[Ms. Pat laughs]
Bitch, I've been a mama
since I was 14 years old.
I'm not excited about your ugly-ass kids.
[audience laughs]
He gonna tell me,
"What type of grandmother you are?
Never want to keep your grandkids."
I say, "Nigga...
I'm the type of grandmother
that still fuck."
[laughter and applause]
"Don't bring them ugly-ass kids
over to my house,
I'll put Grandpa's dick in their hand."
[audience laughs and oohs]
[Ms. Pat chuckles]
Not for real, white people.
That's how you get out
of fucking keeping kids.
[uproarious laughter]
They talk too fucking much.
My granddaughter talks too fucking much.
My daughter-in-law called me one day,
she was like,
"Ms. Pat, could you
pick up Ashley from school?"
I'm like, "Fuck, okay."
[audience laughs]
I get up to the school, y'all,
and I get her,
and I don't like it because she likes
to start a fucking conversation.
I don't want to talk to no damn kid, okay?
I'm a 47-year-old black woman
with hot flashes.
Bitch, talk to me when your titties
heat up to 99 degrees.
[audience laughs]
So, I pick her up and I put her in
the car like, "Put your seat belt on."
And out of nowhere, y'all,
she started a fucking conversation.
She was like, "Grandmama?"
I'm like, "What, baby?"
She say, "My mama said
you get on her motherfucking nerves."
[audience oohs and laughs]
And I said, "Fuck your mama.
She get on my motherfucking nerves.
[cheering and laughter]
That's why your little brothers are ugly,
you ain't got no edges, and my son
ain't gonna marry your mama."
[audience whoos]
[applause]
Don't "ooh" me, she started that shit.
You think I'm supposed to let her win
because she's five years old?
Fuck that baby.
[laughing]
She talks too much!
She talks too fucking much
and that's what I keep telling my son.
I'm like, "You need to bust your daughter
in the jaw."
[laughter]
[Ms. Pat chuckles]
My granddaughter tells
all my son's business.
My granddaughter goes to school
from my house,
'cause I live in a nice neighborhood.
White people,
you call that fucking cheating.
But black people call that
higher education.
[woman whoos]
So she goes to school from my house,
she goes to school
and tells her fucking teacher,
"My mommy and daddy fell on hard times,
so we moved out of our house
into an apartment
until we can get back on our feet."
Like she pays fucking bills.
[audience laughs]
[Ms. Pat chuckles]
The teacher called me and was like,
"Ms. Pat, Ashley said you guys moved out
of the neighborhood."
I was like, "What? Don't listen to her,
she smokes weed."
[cackling]
Stupid-ass child.
That's why I don't fuck with my family
to this day.
I do not fuck with my family, y'all.
'Cause five years ago, I went home
to Atlanta to celebrate with my family
because it was the first time we was all
out of jail at the same fucking time.
[laughter and cheering]
[laughs] I pull up in Atlanta,
my niece called me.
She was like, "Auntie, I need a favor."
I'm like, "What do you want?"
She said, "My sister is homeless
and she got four kids.
One of the babies is two weeks old.
Can they please come live with you?
I know you just built that big-ass house
in Indiana."
And I said, "Fuck no, bitch!
[audience laughs]
Them crack babies ain't coming to my house
and write on my new walls."
[laughter]
My son was on the call, he was like,
"Mama, you should help her out."
I'm like, "Why?" He said, "When you was
down and out, somebody helped you out.
Do you remember the time Daddy
shot you in the head,
dragged you behind that truck
and gave you them STDs?"
I'm like, "Damn, nigga.
You remember all that shit?
[laughing]
Let's go get the crack babies
and their mama."
I go over and I pick up my niece
and I take her back to my husband
with the four kids.
I'm like, "Look, the crack babies
and their mama coming to live with us."
On the way home from Atlanta to Indiana,
y'all,
my chest started hurting really bad.
So I tell my husband,
"Pull the fuck over, my chest hurts.
I'm having a heart attack."
He was like, "Calm down,
your ass ain't having no heart attack."
He said,
"What you're having is an anxiety attack."
I'm like, "What the fuck
make you think I'm having that?"
He was like, "Look in the backseat.
[audience laughs]
[laughs] You just picked up five niggas,
and you don't know how you'll feed them."
[continued laughter]
I get my niece back to Indiana, y'all,
I help her get off drugs,
I co-sign for a car, a job, apartment,
every fucking thing.
Two years in, this bitch run off
and leave me with these four crack babies.
-[audience oohs]
-Don't "aw," just a crackhead story,
-it's a good ending.
-[laughter]
[laughs] Now, I'm raising a five,
a seven--
I don't know how old these motherfuckers
is, they just still at my fucking house.
And let me just say this to y'all,
this is not my first set of crack babies
I've raised.
[laughter]
This is my third fucking set.
I raised my sister's kids,
my sister-in-law's kids,
now I got my niece's kids.
I had to go talk with God.
I said, "Look, God,
I'm done being your crack baby keeper.
[audience laughs]
You got to find somebody else for this
shit, I'm too old."
'Cause I don't know if y'all know anything
about crack babies,
but these new crack babies ain't nothing
like these fucking '90s crack babies.
These new motherfuckers
come with technology.
I got a five-year-old running around
my house, "Where my iPad at?"
I'm like, "How the fuck you can work
an iPad but you shit on yourself?"
[laughing]
Can you Google how to shit in a toilet?
[continued laughter]
Can Elsa show you how to "Let It Go"
the right way?
And I took these kids
out of the inner city of Atlanta,
and I put them in a neighborhood
that looks just like this room
if you get rid
of these three black people.
[audience laughs]
Oh, two. I'm sorry.
I called you a nigga. I'm sorry.
[uproarious laughter]
[Ms. Pat laughs]
And one thing I realized
by raising these crack babies
in this all white neighborhood, y'all,
white schools will call you
for any-fucking-thing.
Black schools, they don't do that shit.
We tell them, "Bitch, that's your child
till 2:30, don't you wake me up."
[laughter]
And they call you for dumb shit, too.
My very first phone call
was for my niece Yolanda.
The teacher called, like, "Ms. Pat,
can you come up to the school?"
I'm like, "For what?"
"It's an emergency."
I'm like, "Damn. I got to take a bath,
put on a wig and put on a bra?"
[audience laughs]
I get up to the school, y'all,
come to find out my niece Yolanda's
sitting at the crayon table
with all her little white friends
and they're talking about their daddies.
And she say,
"Well, the next time I see my daddy,
I'm going to stab him in the neck."
[audience laughs and oohs]
And all the white kids started crying,
"Yolanda gonna stab
her daddy in the neck!"
I'm like, "Ma'am, you call me up
to this school for this bullshit?
She can't stab her daddy in the neck.
That nigga in jail, somebody else
going to stab him in the neck."
[laughing and applause]
Just relax, just relax. It's funny, okay?
-Just relax.
-[uproarious laughter]
White people be staring at you
like you reading the Bible,
like, "What the fuck
are you talking about?"
Buckle up, white bitch.
I'm about to take you
on a negro field trip.
[audience oohs and laughs]
[woman whoos]
[chuckles] I have a niece named Portia.
She's weird as fuck, right?
She weird as fuck.
She's in the third grade,
but she reads on the tenth grade level.
I told my husband, like,
"This baby's as smart as fuck.
Her mama did the good dope
with her."
[audience laughs]
[laughs] But she do crazy shit,
like she loves
pulling her own tooth, y'all.
I don't even know if they be ready.
She just snatch them out of her mouth
and bring them to you.
"Look, Auntie, I pulled my tooth."
I said, "You pull one more
motherfucking tooth, crack baby,
I'm gonna uppercut the shit out your ass."
[laughter]
Her whole front grill is gone
for eight dollars.
[continued laughter]
So it's three girls and a boy.
I have a nephew named Ramon, right?
So I'm giving him a bath one day
and I'm washing the back of him,
I was like, "Turn around, Ramon,
so I can wash the front of you."
You know, this kid turned around.
He had the biggest dick I ever seen.
[audience laughs]
And it had a hook in it, too.
I was like, "Whoa, nigga!"
[chuckles] "Put your dick down!"
[laughing]
He was like, "What's a dick, Auntie?"
[cackling]
[laughs] I dropped that fucking soap
and I ran up out of there.
I told my husband, "We can't raise
this boy in this all white neighborhood."
[laughter and oohs]
He was like, "Why?"
I was like,
"He's gonna slay these bitches!"
[audience laughs]
They're going to be on our roof
like kitty cats.
[continued laughter]
[Ms. Pat chuckles]
That baby got a big old dick.
White girls, y'all seen that shit
when Nicki Minaj's boyfriend fucking
broke the internet with that dick?
-It's that type of dick.
-[woman cheers]
You know, you can't suck it like this,
you gotta suck it in the headlock.
[audience laughs]
Ain't no white man laughing at me, like,
"What the fuck are they talking about?"
[laughter]
White girl, explain that joke
to your white husband.
[audience oohs]
[Ms. Pat chuckles]
I tell you, see, like when I first
got custody of this kid,
he was thug as fuck.
Now, all he do is cry
like a little white kid.
I'm home a couple weeks ago,
he's crying,
"Auntie, they're picking on me.
They're picking on me."
I'm like, "Ramon,
stop that motherfucking crying!
Big dick niggas don't cry."
[audience laughs]
Little dick niggas cry!
[Ms. Pat laughs]
I like people who appreciate that joke,
"Yeah, I know."
[applause]
Before school ended last year,
the principal called me.
She was like,
"Ms. Pat, I need to talk to you."
I'm like, "What the fuck you want?
I'm not at home."
[laughter]
Call all the fucking time for nothing.
I'm like, "What do you want?"
She was like, "Ramon said a bad word."
I'm like, "Okay, ma'am, what did he say?"
She said,
"I could never say what Ramon said."
So, as you can see I like to curse.
My favorite word
is nigga and motherfucker.
I say it all day everyday.
[woman cackles]
So I'm thinking to myself,
"Did Ramon go up to this white school
and call one of these white kids
the N-word?"
So, I was like, "Ma'am, what did he say?"
She was like, "I could never say it."
I said, "Okay, put him on the phone."
[audience laughs]
[Ms. Pat chuckles]
She put him on the phone,
he was like, "Hello, Auntie."
I said, "Nigga, what the fuck you
done said at that motherfucking school?"
[laughter]
He was like,
"Auntie, all I said was 'Jesus Christ'."
I said, "Put that bitch
back on the phone."
[audience oohs and laughs]
Like, "Ma'am, are you for real?"
She was like, "Yes, Miss Pat.
You can't say Jesus Christ
when you're frustrated
unless you're on your knees."
I'm like, "Bitch, if I'm on my knees,
I'm trying to get my car note paid."
[audience oohs and cheers]
Can y'all explain this joke
to these people over here, please?
[cheering and applause]
[woman whoos]
But if you see these crack babies now,
you'd never believe I pulled these kids
out of a crack house five years ago.
They are bougie as fuck.
[audience laughs]
I had them in the car with me one day,
I was like,
"Y'all want something to eat?"
My niece Yolanda was like, "Yes, ma'am."
I said, "You want some McDonald's?"
She was like, "McDonald's?
[laughter]
We don't eat McDonald's.
We eat Chick-fil-A."
[audience laughs]
And I'm thinking to myself,
"Really, bitch?
Because I remember
when you didn't eat at all."
-[Ms. Pat cackles]
-[audience laughs]
These kids don't know how good
they got it, y'all,
'cause I grew up in the inner city
of Atlanta
in a bootleg house
with my grandfather, y'all.
You hear me?
Everything went in his house,
from gambling, to prostitution,
to niggas getting shot,
every-fucking-thing.
I remember my mom used to love
to shoot craps, but she had one leg.
So before she got on the floor
to shoot the craps,
she would take her one leg off.
And the reason
why she took her one leg off,
in case she threw the dice too far,
she could use her leg to pull
them bitches back.
[audience oohs and laughs]
[Ms. Pat laughs]
But what I remember most
about this house is
my granddaddy used to love
to watch wrestling.
He had this thing about black wrestlers
beating the shit out of white wrestlers.
Like, [laughs] Thunderbolt Patterson...
He was screaming at the TV
when Thunderbolt Patterson
was beating up somebody white.
-[yelling] "Kill that cracker!"
-[laughter]
And I'd be sitting next to him,
[yelling] "Kill that cracker!"
And I had no fucking clue you
white people was supposed to be crackers.
So when I got older,
'cause this shit was shot in Atlanta,
when I got older I wanted to go see
a match on my own, y'all.
So I'm at... I'm at Peachtree downtown.
[Ms. Pat laughs]
I go... I go to this... I'm on my way
to the wrestling match
and I stopped at a Marriott Hotel
to call my brother.
I'm like, "Hurry the fuck up,
we're going to miss the goddamn match."
He was like, "I'm on my way."
So I hang up the phone and I look up
and this white man is staring at me.
He was like, "Hey, how you doing?"
I'm like, "Hey, how you doing?"
[laughter]
He was like, "You want to go back
to my room with me?"
I'm like, "Okay."
[audience laughs]
I ain't never been
to a Marriott Hotel before. [laughs]
[continued laughter]
Especially not in their room.
[woman whoos]
He opened the door, y'all,
and the first thing I noticed,
he had fucking air conditioning.
We didn't have AC
when we were coming up.
We had that one fan that my mama kept
in front of her pussy
and it blew her pussy all
through the house all day.
[audience oohs]
Like, "Can somebody tell mama
her pussy stinks today?"
[audience laughs]
[Ms. Pat chuckles]
He go over to the little refrigerator
in the hotel room,
he open the door, y'all,
and he give me a real Coca-Cola.
At this time in my life,
I had never had a real Coca-Cola.
Colas, and maybe Kool-Aid,
but not Coca-Cola.
I was so fucking excited, I popped
that shit and I drunk it in one swallow.
He walked me over to the bed,
he don't say shit,
he just unzipped his pants
and take out his white dick.
And I had never seen
a white dick before, y'all.
And white dicks look
like an uncooked chicken leg to me.
-[woman screams]
-[cackling]
[laughter]
[Ms. Pat laughs]
Look at all the white dudes, like,
"What the fuck is she talking about?"
[continued laughter]
And he wrapped my hand around, he made
me go up and down and up and down,
and I'm thinking to myself,
"Is this how white people barbecue?
[audience oohs and laughs]
'Cause this chicken leg needs
some fucking seasoning salt."
About five minutes in, something
came out of the chicken leg, y'all,
[laughs] so he took it out of my hand
and he wiped my hand off
and he gave me $100.
I'm like,
"Sir, are you going to be here tomorrow?"
[audience laughs]
[applause]
[chuckles] I couldn't wait to get home
to tell my mama.
I'm like, "Mama, a white man's
downtown giving you $100
to hold onto uncooked chicken legs."
-[woman whoos]
-[laughter]
My mama was like, "Where they at, bitch?
Where they at?"
That was a lot of fucking money
for an 11-year-old.
[audience oohs]
Oh, fuck you, white people!
[laughter]
That's more money than
your lemonade stands ever fucking made.
[laughter]
[Ms. Pat laughs]
You ain't never made that kind of money
at your shitty-ass
lemonade stand.
Fuck y'all, that white man
was creating jobs in the black community.
[laughs] Hey y'all. I'm Ms. Pat.
Thank y'all so very much.
-[cheering and applause]
-Goodnight, goodnight.
Thank you, thank you, thank you...
[continued cheering and applause]
["Where The Devil Don't Stay" plays]
♪ My daddy played poker
In the woods they say ♪
♪ Back in his younger days ♪
♪ Prohibition was the talk,
But the rich folks walked ♪
♪ To the woods where my daddy stayed ♪
♪ Jugs and jars from shiners ♪
♪ These old boys here,
They ain't miners ♪
♪ They came from the twenty-niners ♪
♪ It didn't take a hole in the ground
To put the bottom in their face ♪
Subtitle translation by